Add post on cycle 10 results (#345)
bitsquare/site: _posts/2020-02-20-cycle-10-results.md

---
layout: post
title: "Bisq DAO Cycle 10: Results"
author: Steve Jain
excerpt: "Cycle 10 of the Bisq DAO ended at block 618,546 on February 22 2020. This post covers its results. <br><br>"
en-only: true
---

This post summarizes the results of Cycle 10 of the Bisq DAO.

> Cycle 10 was a transitional cycle for the Bisq DAO as it implements a new management structure and budgets discussed in [this post]({% post_url 2020-02-10-q1-2020-update %}). Teams were established for core functions, teams began executing on top project priorities, and core administrative processes like compensation reviewing were overhauled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cycle 10 was a transitional cycle for the Bisq DAO as it implements a new management structure and budgets discussed in [this post]({% post_url 2020-02-10-q1-2020-update %}). Teams were established for core functions, teams began executing on top project priorities, and core administrative processes like compensation request reviews were overhauled.
```

> More work on this transition continues in this cycle. Notable items in process are an overhauled proposal and project management dynamic as well as the roll-out of the Bisq wiki.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More work on this transition continues into Cycle 11. Notable items in progress are a new project management process and rolling out the Bisq wiki.
```
